As/release notes 0.5.3 (#32)
dfinity-lab/docs: modules/release-notes/pages/sdk-release-notes.adoc

The {release} release includes the following new features and capabilities:

> - Default web UI for all canisters based on the IDL (now called Candid) interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Web interface for testing canisters.
```

+

> To access, with the default `+dfx.json+` setup, you can access `+127.0.0.1:8000/candid?canisterId=ic:your_canister_id+`. Note that if you are working on an existing project prior to V0.5.2, you may need to update `+webpack.config.js+` to make the UI build properly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To access, with the default `+dfx.json+` setup, you can access `+127.0.0.1:8000/candid?canisterId=ic:your_canister_id+`.
```

It's no longer a breaking change, so no need to mention the webpack.config.js part.

> - Use of dynamic import to evaluate the JavaScript and show error messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bootstrap server shows error messages with non-existed canister id.
```

+

> This provides better error messages and frontend code debugging. Note that this is still experimental.

Reviewer: Don't think we need this.

- The `+replica+` will now use a random port.
+

> Previously, you could set the port of the web server but not the `+replica+`. The `+replica+` is now set to a random port so that you can run two `+dfx start+` in separate projects without a clash. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, you could set the port of the web server with a fixed port for `+replica+`. The `+replica+` is now set to a random port so that you can run two `+dfx start+` in separate projects without a clash. 
```

== Issues fixed in this release

This section covers the issues fixed in this release.
The {release} release includes the following fixes to reported issues:

> - Single return value on query function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix the single return value type on query function in Javascript userlib.
```
